scripts: esb_sniffer: Plugins for Wireshark (#23952)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: scripts/esb_sniffer/README.rst

.. _esb_sniffer_scripts_docs:

ESB Sniffer
###########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> This directory contains python scripts for the :ref:`esb_monitor` sample configured as ESB Sniffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python scripts introduced in this document are used for the :ref:`esb_monitor` sample configured as ESB Sniffer.
```

> Setup Linux
> ***********

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up Linux
************
```

> 

Reviewer: Would be good to have a short introductory sentence before jumping straight to the steps. For example: Complete the following steps to set up your Linux environment for the scripts:

> 1. Install python requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Python requirements:
```

   .. parsed-literal::
         :class: highlight

         pip3 install -r requirements.txt

> #. Add custom dissector and extcap to the Wireshark:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add a custom dissector and extcap to Wireshark:
```

   .. parsed-literal::
         :class: highlight

         mkdir -p $HOME/.local/lib/wireshark/{extcap,plugins}
         cp esb_dissector.lua $HOME/.local/lib/wireshark/plugins
         cp extcap/esb_extcap.py $HOME/.local/lib/wireshark/extcap
         chmod +x $HOME/.local/lib/wireshark/extcap/esb_extcap.py

> #. Enable dissector for ESB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Enable the dissector for ESB:
```

>    * Open Wireshark
>    * Go to Edit -> Preferences -> Protocols -> DLT_USER -> Edit
>    * Click Create new entry icon (bottom left)
>    * Select *DLT=147* for DLT column and *esb* for Payload dissector column
>    * Click Ok
>    * Restart Wireshark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. Open Wireshark.
   #. Go to :guilabel:`Edit` -> :guilabel:`Preferences` -> :guilabel:`Protocols` -> :guilabel:`DLT_USER` -> Edit
   #. Click the :guilabel:`Create new entry` icon (bottom left).
   #. Select ``DLT=147`` for **DLT** column and ``esb`` for **Payload dissector** column.
   #. Click :guilabel:`Ok`.
   #. Restart Wireshark.
```

> #. After completing these steps, a new ESB sniffer interface should appear in Wireshark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing these steps, a new ESB sniffer interface appears in Wireshark.
```

Scripts
*******

> 

Reviewer: A heading after another is not good practice. Have some introductory text here. Something like: There are two separate scripts you need for configuring the ESB sniffer.

main.py
=======

> Provides integration with the Wireshark extcap interface and the UART shell for real-time updates of sniffer parameters such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script provides integration with the Wireshark extcap interface and the UART shell for real-time updates of sniffer parameters such as:
```

* Bitrate
* Channel
* Radio addresses
* Pipe prefixes
* Enabled pipes

Ussage:

> -------

Reviewer: Complete the following steps to use this script:

> 1. Start script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start the script:
```

   .. parsed-literal::
         :class: highlight

         python3 main.py

> #. Start Wireshark and select ESB sniffer interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Start Wireshark and select the ESB sniffer interface.
```

> 
> #. You should see the packets being received in Wireshark in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Observe the packets being received in Wireshark in real time.
```
Mind the extra empty lines between steps. Do not leave any.

> #. To stop the application type *q* or *quit*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Type ``q`` or ``quit`` to stop the application.
```

capture_to_pcap.py
==================

> Simple CLI utility to read packets from the DK and save them into pcap formatted file for further analysis. It is **NOT** designed to work with the Wireshark extcap interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script is a simple CLI utility to read packets from the DK and save them into a pcap formatted file for further analysis.
It is not designed to work with the Wireshark extcap interface.
```

Ussage:

> -------

Reviewer: Complete the following steps to use the script:

> 1. Start script with output filename as argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start the script with the output filename as an argument:
```

.. _esb_sniffer_scripts_docs:

ESB Sniffer
###########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Python scripts introduced in this document are used for the :ref:`esb_monitor` sample configured as ESB Sniffer.

> Set up Linux

Reviewer 2: The SDK supports Windows by default. Make sure to cover all supported OSes.

> ************

Reviewer 2: Match the structure of other script files, for example https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/scripts/nrf_provision/fast_pair/README.html

- Title
- Shortdesc
- Overview (optionally, with additional details compared to Shortdesc)
- Requirements (path to the directory, prerequisites, such as Wireshark installation)
- Using the script
- Dependencies
